# Features

## Key creation
### By mnemonic words
Generating the seed by using >=12 words. The generated mnemonic can be imported to other Tezos wallets.

Also you can use the derive path to create a Ledger compatible mnemonic.

--- 
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Create key -> Mnemonic**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/create_key_mnemonic.gif" />

### By Ed25519
Ed25519 is the recommended EdDSA crypto scheme. It's also the default crypto scheme for tezos-client.

The public key hash generated by ed25519 in Tezos starts with tz1.

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Create key -> Ed25519**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/create_key_ed25519.gif" />

### By Secp256k1
Tezos supports secp256k1 scheme which is used in Bitcoin and the public key hash generated by secp256k1 in Tezos starts with tz2.

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Create key -> Secp256k1**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/create_key_secp256k1.gif" />

### By NIST P256
Tezos supports NIST P-256 crypto scheme and the public key hash generated by p256 in Tezos starts with tz3.

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Create key -> P256**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/create_key_p256.gif" />

## Key import
You can import different kinds of secret schemes in TezBridge. The list below describe the supported types:

* Mnemonic words
  * Password
  * Derive path
* Ed25519 secret key
  * Password
* Ed25519 seed
* Secp256k1 secret key
  * Password
* P256 secret key
  * Password
* Faucet JSON
* ICO JSON

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Import key**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/import_key.gif" />

## Manager info checking
TezBridge can fetch some basic info for managers and contracts from RPC node.

So make sure you are using the right **Host**.

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Local managers -> your manager**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/checking_manager_info.gif" />

## Signer
### Local signer
Using previously added local managers to sign the request operations.

---
At the signer page of TezBridge, go **Choose signer -> Local managers  -> your manager -> unlock with password -> use as signer**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/use_local_signer.gif" />

### Hardware signer
Using Hardware(Ledger) to sign the request operations.

---
At the signer page of TezBridge, go **Choose signer -> Hardware signer  -> Ledger -> Connect Ledger**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/use_hardware_signer.gif" />

### Temporary signer
Using a temporary added secret key to sign the request operations.

---
At the signer page of TezBridge, go **Choose signer -> Temporary signer**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/use_temp_signer.gif" />

### Remote signer
Using a remote device in LAN to sign the request operations.

---
<gif-loader src="/imgs/use_remote_signer.gif" />

## Settings
### Languages
TezBridge now supports both English and Chinese. When it becomes more stable, more translations will be added.

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Settings -> Language**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/changing_language.gif" />

### Bridging mode
This option is used for change the Remote Signer info swap method. The Remote Signer sends data though a browser native WebRTC channel. So this option decides which WebRTC info swap method will be shown to the user.

* Simple: Netlify lambda function is used to exchange connection info.
* Manual: Users can exchange the connection info by QRCode or text sending.

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Settings -> Bridging mode**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/changing_bridging_mode.gif" />

### Host address
The RPC host address should be an official Tezos RPC node.

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Settings -> Host**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/changing_host.gif" />

### Identification mark
The identification mark displayed beside the logo is used to prevent phishing attack though a fake TezBridge site. 

When a DApp opens the TezBridge website, you should notice a familar identification mark generated before. Otherwise, it might be a fraud TezBridge.

---
At the index page of TezBridge, go **Settings -> Identification mark**.

<gif-loader src="/imgs/changing_id_mark.gif" />
